.\"                                      Hey, EMACS: -*- nroff -*-
.\" First parameter, NAME, should be all caps
.\" Second parameter, SECTION, should be 1-8, maybe w/ subsection
.\" other parameters are allowed: see man(7), man(1)
.TH QUAKE2WORLD 6 "February 20, 2009" quake2world.net quake2world manual
.\" Please adjust this date whenever revising the manpage.
.\"
.\" Some roff macros, for reference:
.\" .nh        disable hyphenation
.\" .hy        enable hyphenation
.\" .ad l      left justify
.\" .ad b      justify to both left and right margins
.\" .nf        disable filling
.\" .fi        enable filling
.\" .br        insert line break
.\" .sp <n>    insert n+1 empty lines
.\" for manpage-specific macros, see man(7)
.SH NAME
quake2world \- a free, standalone first person shooter video game
.br
quake2world \- dedicated server
.SH SYNOPSIS
.B quake2world
[options] ...
.RI
.br
.B quake2world \+set dedicated 1 \+exec server.cfg
[options]  ...
.RI
.SH DESCRIPTION
.B quake2world
is designed to bring the fun and excitement of straightforward old-school
death-match gaming to a more contemporary platform.
.PP
.B quake2world dedicated server
is a hardened and streamlined reincarnation of its predecessor.
A dedicated server is an instance of quake2world which only hosts a game
for other players; no one is sitting in front of the machine and playing.
.PP
.\" TeX users may be more comfortable with the \fB<whatever>\fP and
.\" \fI<whatever>\fP escape sequences to invode bold face and italics,
.\" respectively.
.SH OPTIONS
These programs follow the quake game series command line syntax.
A brief list of options is included below.
.PP
.B quake2world client options
.PP
.B quake2world dedicated server options
.TP
.B \+set dedicated 1
Required to start a dedicated server, no graphical client will be launched.
Clients may connect to this server for multiplayer games.
.TP
.B \+exec \fIserver.cfg\fP
\fIserver.cfg\fP should contain commands to set server variables:
.sp 1
.\".in +1i
.ft B
.nf
set g_gameplay instagib
set g_teams 1
.fi
.ft P
.\".in -1i
.PP
For a complete list of options and their descriptions, see
.UR
"http://quake2world.net/books/documentation/client-configuration"
.UE
\.
.UR
"http://quake2world.net/books/documentation/server-configuration"
.UE
\.
.TP
.SH EXAMPLE
.PP
.B Typical Client Usage
.nf
quake2world
.fi
.
.PP
.B Typical Dedicated Server Usage
.nf
quake2world \+set dedicated 1 \+exec server.cfg
.fi
.
.PP
.B Dedicated Server running under GNU screen
.nf
screen -S q2w quake2world \+set dedicated 1 \+exec server.cfg
.fi
.
.SH SEE ALSO
.BR screen (1),
.br
.\" The programs are documented fully by
.\" .IR "The Rise and Fall of a Fooish Bar" ,
.\" available via the Info system.
.SH AUTHOR
quake2world was written by Jay Dolan and the quake2world dev team.
.UR
http://quake2world.net/pages/team
.UE
.PP

This manual page was written by Stanley Pinchak
.nh
<stanley.pinchak@gmail.com>,
.hy
for the Debian project (but may be used by others).
